Mars 2025:

Bugfix:
TradeHistory button does not display the right amount of opened positions the first time you register a trade.
Leaderboard page not working for non connected users.

To Implement this month:
-Kraken Api Test every usefull functionnalities working on the kraken test page.
-Add a kraken API Fields in the profile page so user can register their api keys to trade.
-Add a kraken API fields in the admin panel so I can change the public keys.
-Test the system.
-Add a kraken, ICON in the top right corner of the riskmanagement sidebar when user click on it while connected it check if user has a valid api key and if not,
it display a prompt to register one, and if he already has one then the Icon click change the whole theme of the bingo page to match his api key.
So that means the app turns purple if it's a kraken api keys and then the account value become his kraken one, and the trade he takes become kraken trades etc.

Rework:
-The subscription page is not working yet, so it's not possible to buy a subscription -> Link the subscription buy button to a payment page:
With paypals, visa and crypto options:
-> Only developp the crypto options now and link and test it to a personnal exodus wallet specifically created for the app.
when wallet is linked, test it and also developp the subscription time  in fullstack to know how much time a user still has prenium:
-> Backend modals, Profile page display, Admin page CRUD.

If you have some times left:
-

From February:
Add a $ icon to all paid functionnality in the about pages. TO DO
New features:
Add a screenshot detector to the app.

Screenshot Detector if the app is open and it register you take a screenshot, 
Pop a windows saying, TAKE YOUR FUCKING PROFIT!
ALso propose to close directly all open position at market price.

Add the subscription page. (Now do the right subscription and link it to paypalpro when your auto entreprise account is created) Rework





Février 2025:

Correction, fix features:
Add change Username / Mail functionnality(done) in the admin pannel: Done
add a ResetPassword buton. (Add the mail reset password bouton somewhere) Done
Correct the search user bug in admin Panel. Working

In the RegisterForm Add a verification if user as already an account, and if yes, redirect him directly to LoginForm with 
mail already written. Done

Add a $ icon to all paid functionnality in the about pages. TO DO




